#labels Featured
# Short summary of changes for each version of ms-lims. (starting from version 7.5)
7.5)
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.6 (July 4. 2011):*
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGE: Updated dependency to Peptizer version 1.8.1.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.5 (August 11. 2011):*
 * BUGFIX: added static call to cleanUp MascotDatfile tmp files at startup.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.4 (July 4. 2011):*
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGE: updated Mascotdatfile dependency to version 3.2.4 which has a dedicated tmp folder that is automatically cleaned.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.3 (July 1. 2011):*
 * FEATURE: added the msf-storer that integrates the Thermo Proteome Discoverer in ms-lims
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.2 (June 20. 2011):*
 * BUGFIX: fixed total ion intensity calculation for the Thermo FT-IR storage engine
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6.1 (May 3. 2011):*
 * FEATURE: added new Thermo FT-IR storage engine
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.6 (April 24. 2011):*
 * SCHEMA CHANGE: updated Validation architecture and integration with Peptizer-1.8
 * SCHEMA CHANGE: ms-lims properties and modification-conversion can now be managed in the database
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.5.5 (March 24. 2011):*
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGE: updated Peptizer and MascotDatfile dependency to version 1.7.8 and 2.3.3 respectively.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.5.4 (March 21. 2011):*
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGE: updated Peptizer dependency to version 1.7.5.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.5.2 (November 3. 2010):*
 * FEATURE: A new storage engine for Bruker MicroTOFQ has been created. Furthermore, the Bruker Ultraflex storage engine has been changed moderately to support a wider structure of MGF files.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.5.1 (Octobre 21. 2010):*
 * FEATURE: Proteowizard export of MGF files exclude the trailing '+' or '-' sign. This minor release corrects this variation and this release thus functions with MGF files generated by Proteowizard.
----

*Changes in ms-lims 7.5 (Octobre 8. 2010):*
 * FEATURE: Created the scan table to persist spectrum retention time in the database schema.
 * FEATURE: Created variables for the mass-to-charge ratio and the charge value for each spectrum.
 * FEATURE: Updated one-to-one validation of Peptizer validation into ms-lims. Furthermore, comments are automatically generated based on Agent results.
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGES: Utilities-3.12, MascotDatfile-3.2.1, Peptizer-1.7.1
----